I have always been an outdoors person
I've done a number of triathlons I biked
a hike backpack I do everything in the
outdoors I love to kayak it fits
outdoors and it's adventuresome Jake's
going to be doing it I was hiking at
Tyler State Park had planned to do a
six-mile hike and I started having this
gripping in my chest which I thought was
indigestion so I ended my six mile hike
at three and a half mile back at my car
I drove home and my wife said you're
white as a sheet and I said well I don't
feel very good so she said well what do
you want to do it I said I think we need
to go to hospital we had hardly told him
who we were in mother Frances hospital
and they had me in doing a EKG a little
bit later on they ran the blood test and
said you've got a problem that
indigestion was an indigestion at all it
was a heart attack I had what's called a
quintuple bypass surgery five bypasses
my surgeon was dr. catch atole it was
the greatest surgeon that I know I'm he
saved my life for heaven's sake I was on
Survivor tile in which was in 2002 which
is harder surviving the heart attack or
the TV show I don't know I guess when
you got a good doctor and a good place
like like mother Frances hospital it was
probably harder on Survivor than it was
I'm surviving a heart attack because
these people take such good care of you
the people in mother Frances hospital
are going to do their best to take care
of you I mean if you're going to have a
heart attack that's the place to go I
really don't know what my next big
adventure is going to be I'm looking for
it but it'll show up somewhere it'll
show up my name is Jake Billingsley my
hometown is hideaway Texas this is my
life my health my journey
you